= What is this? 

It is Hubot using Skype ready to go!!!
An Easy way to use hubot in your company.
Enable easy and quick development of new hubot commands.

= What it does?

Generate a VM with Hubot and Skype available out of box.
Install all OS dependencies like git, python, node, oracle node, coffeescript, vim, vim modules for development.
Move all files to right place according to installation guides.
the progress are available no {trello}[http://bit.ly/18opUDY]: http://bit.ly/18opUDY

= PRE REQUIREMENTS installed in your machine:

{Git}[http://git-scm.com/book/en/Getting-Started-Installing-Git] installed

{VMBox}[https://www.virtualbox.org] installed
Version 4.2.16

{Vagrant}[http://www.vagrantup.com] installed
Vagrant version 1.2.7

X11 client Installed {for Mac}[http://xquartz.macosforge.org/landing/] and {for Windows}[http://sourceforge.net/projects/xming/]

{Oracle OCI Version 11.2.0.3.0 }[http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/topics/linuxx86-64soft-092277.html] Installed
instantclient-basic-linux.x64-11.2.0.3.0.zip
instantclient-sdk-linux.x64-11.2.0.3.0.zip
instantclient-sqlplus-linux.x64-11.2.0.3.0.zip

Need a oracle account to download the files.

= Installation

1)
Copy all OCI rpm files to folder "shared_folder"

2)
  git clone https://github.com/RafaelGorski/VagrantChefHubot.git 

3)
After you clone this repository download the following Cookbooks: 

  cd cookbooks;
  git clone https://github.com/librato/nodejs-cookbook.git nodejs;
  git clone https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/build-essential.git;
  git clone https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/git.git;
  git clone https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/apt.git;

TIP: You can run a helper script cookbooks/cookbooks-update.sh or bat

For windows I recommend to use powershell.

Starting the Vagrant VM:

  #If Windows start Xming client.

  vagrant up;
  # wait several minutes for fist time.

  # For windows use putty with x11 enabled.
  
  ssh -Y vagrant@10.0.1.20;
  #passwd: vagrant

  # From this point the commands are inside the VM.

  skype &;
  # wait skype gui lauch.
  #login to skype client, before start hubot

  cd hubot;
  hubot -a skype &; 
  # a modal gui will be prompted from skype, accept/allow it. 

= Manual Test

  From client (Not same skype lauched in previous screen)
    Login to Skype
    Open the contact configured
    type: hubot ping
    Expected reply from Hubot: PONG

After use, in order to stop de VM use:
  vagrant halt; 

If you want to start from scratch use the following
  vagrant destroy;
  vagrant up;

== Tested on
- MacOSx
- Windows 7

== TODO
  install hubot-control
  automatic cookbooks dependency

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Rafael Gorski (rafaelgorski.com | @GorskiRafael)
No license attached, if you like it, make reference to my me, or fork, star this repo || @GorskiRafael
